New Term Entries: Python Dictionary Methods (#728)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/dictionaries/terms/update/update.md

---
Title: '.update()'

> Description: 'Adds the entries in a specified dictionary, or iterable of key/value pairs, to a dictionary.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Adds the entries in a specified dictionary, or iterable of key-value pairs, to a dictionary.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Dictionaries'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.update()` method of a Python dictionary adds the entries from another dictionary, or an iterable of key-value pairs, to the dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.update()` method returns new Python dictionary with entries from another dictionary, or some other iterable, to it.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
dictionary.update(entries)
```

> Where `entries` is another dictionary or an iterable of key-value pairs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `entries` is another dictionary or an iterable of key-value pairs. Pairs. in `dictionary` are replaced by any pair in `entries` with a duplicate key.
```
